Privacy and Terms
To create a Google Account, you’ll need to agree to the Terms of Service below.
In addition, when you create an account, we process your information as described in our Privacy Policy, including these key points:
Data we process when you use Google
When you set up a Google Account, we store information you give us like your name, email address, and telephone number.
When you use Google services to do things like write a message in Gmail or comment on a YouTube video, we store the information you create.
When you search for a restaurant on Google Maps or watch a video on YouTube, for example, we process information about that activity – including information like the video you watched, device IDs, IP addresses, cookie data, and location.
We also process the kinds of information described above when you use apps or sites that use Google services like ads, Analytics, and the YouTube video player.
Why we process it
We process this data for the purposes described in our policy, including to:

Help our services deliver more useful, customized content such as more relevant search results;
Improve the quality of our services and develop new ones;
Deliver personalized ads, depending on your account settings, both on Google services and on sites and apps that partner with Google;
Improve security by protecting against fraud and abuse; and
Conduct analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. We also have partners that measure how our services are used. Learn more about these specific advertising and measurement partners.
Combining data
We also combine this data among our services and across your devices for these purposes. For example, depending on your account settings, we show you ads based on information about your interests, which we can derive from your use of Search and YouTube, and we use data from trillions of search queries to build spell-correction models that we use across all of our services.
You’re in control
Depending on your account settings, some of this data may be associated with your Google Account and we treat this data as personal information. You can control how we collect and use this data now by clicking “More Options” below. You can always adjust your controls later or withdraw your consent for the future by visiting My Account (myaccount.google.com).
Customize your Google experience by confirming your personalization settings and the data stored with your account.
You can always learn more about these options, adjust them, and review your activity in your Google Account (account.google.com).
Web & App Activity
Saves your activity on Google sites and apps, including searches and associated info like location. Also saves activity from sites, apps, and devices that use Google services, including Chrome history. This helps Google provide better search results, suggestions, and personalization across Google services. Activity older than 18 months will be automatically deleted. You can change your auto-delete option, stop saving activity, or delete it manually at account.google.com.
Save my Web & App Activity in my Google Account
Don’t save my Web & App Activity in my Google Account
Learn more about Web & App Activity
Ad personalization
Google can show you ads based on your activity on Google services (such as Search or YouTube), and on websites and apps that partner with Google.
Show me personalized ads
Show me ads that aren’t personalized
Learn more about Ad personalization
YouTube History
Saves the YouTube videos you watch and the things you search for on YouTube. This helps Google give you better recommendations, remember where you left off, and more. Activity older than 36 months will be automatically deleted. You can change your auto-delete option, stop saving activity, or delete it manually at account.google.com.
Save my YouTube History in my Google Account
Don’t save my YouTube History in my Google Account
These settings apply wherever you are signed in to your new Google Account.

Send me occasional reminders about these settings